for even more creative control connect
an optional FB 500l expression pedal and
adjust the SL 20 sound characteristics
hands-free during a performance DSL 20
works in either mono or stereo
and it's mono output sounds awesome but
when used with stereo on what you can
achieve some truly amazing effects with
random and ping-pong panning there's
also the unique 3d panning feature which
creates astonishingly rich in
dimensional stereo groove effects let's
check out this innovative new effect
whatever music you play you'll find the
SL 20 to be a fun inspiring and
addictive performance tool it's great
for guitar but can be used with other
instruments too keyboards vocals and mp3
player the SL 20 is ideal for adding
some high octane juice to any sounds
and it's a perfect fit for DJs and dance
music artists too
anyway is slicing the SL 20 slicer is
authentic inspiration and authentic boss